article/web3.md, before:

---
title: Opinions on web3
date: 2022-02-08
---

## My opinions on web3

Just kidding, I don't have any. Many years ago I mined some bitcoins but lost the wallet, as it happens. Recently I read some good articles about the subject:

### Articles

- [Moxie Marlinspike](https://moxie.org/) - [My first impressions of web3](https://moxie.org/2022/01/07/web3-first-impressions.html)
- [Morten Rand-Hendriksen](https://mor10.com/author/mor10-2/) - [The Blockchain, Codified Meritocracy, and the Laissez-faire Ideals of Web3](https://mor10.com/the-blockchain-codified-meritocracy-and-the-lassiez-faire-ideals-of-web3/)
- [Jamie Zawinski](https://www.jwz.org/about.html) - [Today on Sick Sad World: How The Cryptobros Have Fallen](https://www.jwz.org/blog/2022/01/today-on-sick-sad-world-how-the-cryptobros-have-fallen/) 
- Tim O’Reilly - [Why it’s too early to get excited about Web3](https://www.oreilly.com/radar/why-its-too-early-to-get-excited-about-web3/)

### Videos

- Folding Ideas - [Line Goes Up – The Problem With NFTs](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YQ_xWvX1n9g) (also check out the links in the description)

Commit message:

Add dates back to articles

article/web3.md, after:

---
title: Opinions on web3
date: 2022-02-08
data: February 8th 2022
---

## My opinions on web3

Just kidding, I don't have any. Many years ago I mined some bitcoins but lost the wallet, as it happens. Recently I read and watched some stuff on the subject:

### Articles

- [Moxie Marlinspike](https://moxie.org/) - [My first impressions of web3](https://moxie.org/2022/01/07/web3-first-impressions.html)
- [Morten Rand-Hendriksen](https://mor10.com/author/mor10-2/) - [The Blockchain, Codified Meritocracy, and the Laissez-faire Ideals of Web3](https://mor10.com/the-blockchain-codified-meritocracy-and-the-lassiez-faire-ideals-of-web3/)
- [Jamie Zawinski](https://www.jwz.org/about.html) - [Today on Sick Sad World: How The Cryptobros Have Fallen](https://www.jwz.org/blog/2022/01/today-on-sick-sad-world-how-the-cryptobros-have-fallen/)
- [Tim O’Reilly](https://www.oreilly.com/tim/) - [Why it’s too early to get excited about Web3](https://www.oreilly.com/radar/why-its-too-early-to-get-excited-about-web3/)

### Videos

- [Folding Ideas](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCyNtlmLB73-7gtlBz00XOQQ) - [Line Goes Up – The Problem With NFTs](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YQ_xWvX1n9g) (also check out the links in the description)
