index.md, before:

---
title: Now
---

## Salut! Oi! Hola! Hi!

I write stuff, mostly css.

### What am I doing right **now**:

- Watching the sunset in Meteora, Greece
- 'Enjoying' the last few days of a long, long trip that started on October 10th with: one week in Bucharest, one week in Piatra Neamț, and this week driving from Treviso, Italy to Bansko, Bulgaria (taking the ferry from Brindisi to Igoumenitsa)
- Visited one too many cities, but still managed to enjoy the journey while refraining from yelling at all the italian drivers
- A lot has been going on during this trip, but haven't managed to stop and reflect about any of it, so I'm glad I'll have a base in the next few months and get back to the inside journey I feel I've been postponing for a while
- Started reading Dostoevsky's "The House of the Dead" - a semi-autobiographical (not for the faint of heart) novel
- Listened to quite a lot of Huberman and Friedman podcast episodes

[How are you](mailto:vlad@nsu.ro?subject=Hey%2C%20I%20am%20...)?

### Other places:
- [Tocănița de internet [ro] ➚](https://tocanita.substack.com/)
- [Twitter](https://twitter.com/owltakestime/)
- [Tumblr](https://owltakestime.tumblr.com/)

<sub style="text-align: center; display: block;">Made in [🇪🇺](/then/)</sub>

Commit message:

Update now, update notification DOR link

index.md, after:

---
title: Now
---

## Salut! Oi! Hola! Hi!

I write stuff, mostly emails these days.

### What am I doing right **now**:

- Cooked myself a nice, simple meal on this lazy sunday
- Went a bit overboard with socializing these weeks, but it's incredible how many foreigners are in Bansko (as well as coworking spaces)
- Picking the events I want to go to this next week and planning a short trip to Veliko Tarnovo next weekend 
- Pondering about building a personal image gallery or using something from the [fediverse](https://fediverse.party/); any other suggestions?
- Managed to get on track with most work projects and still a lot to deliver, but got a wave of new ideas to build something from scratch
- Read and watched "Childhood's End" - _devilshly_ awesome SF novel by Arthur C. Clarke, and started reading "Quantum Man: Richard Feynman's Life in Science" by Lawrence M. Krauss
- Also got a bit on track with some TV Series and enjoying the hikes around here
- Updated the DOR link on the [NOtifications list of links](/article/notifications.html)

[How are you](mailto:vlad@nsu.ro?subject=Hey%2C%20I%20am%20...)?

### Other places:
- [Tocănița de internet [ro] ➚](https://tocanita.substack.com/)
- [Mastodon](https://mastodon.green/@vlad/)
- [Metapixl](https://metapixl.com/@vlad/)
- [Tumblr](https://owltakestime.tumblr.com/)
- [Instagram archive](/camera/archive.html)

<sub style="text-align: center; display: block;">Made in [🇪🇺](/then/)</sub>
